# FCC-Intermediate-Algorithm-Scripting-Challanges
Collection of my solutions for some of the FCC Intermediate Algorithm Scripting Challanges

1. Wherefore-art-thou: "Make a function that looks through an array of objects (first argument) and returns an array of all objects that have matching name and value pairs (second argument). Each name and value pair of the source object has to be present in the object from the collection if it is to be included in the returned array."

2. Pig-Latin: "Translate the provided string to pig latin.  Pig Latin takes the first consonant (or consonant cluster) of an English word, moves it to the end of the word and suffixes an "ay".  If a word begins with a vowel you just add "way" to the end.  Input strings are guaranteed to be English words in all lowercase."

3. DNA-Pairing: "The DNA strand is missing the pairing element. Take each character, get its pair, and return the results as a 2d array.  Base pairs are a pair of AT and CG. Match the missing element to the provided character.  Return the provided character as the first element in each array.  For example, for the input GCG, return [["G", "C"], ["C","G"],["G", "C"]]  The character and its pair are paired up in an array, and all the arrays are grouped into one encapsulating array."

4. Missing-letters: "Find the missing letter in the passed letter range and return it.  If all letters are present in the range, return undefined."

5. Sorted-Union: "Write a function that takes two or more arrays and returns a new array of unique values in the order of the original provided arrays.  In other words, all values present from all arrays should be included in their original order, but with no duplicates in the final array.  The unique numbers should be sorted by their original order, but the final array should not be sorted in numerical order."  Exs . uniteUnique([1, 2, 3], [5, 2, 1, 4], [2, 1], [6, 7, 8]) should return [1, 2, 3, 5, 4, 6, 7, 8].  uniteUnique([1, 3, 2], [1, [5]], [2, [4]]) should return [1, 3, 2, [5], [4]].

6. Convert-HTML-Entities: "Convert the characters &, <, >, " (double quote), and ' (apostrophe), in a string to their corresponding HTML entities." Ex. convertHTML('Stuff in "quotation marks"') should return Stuff in &quot;quotation marks&quot;.

7. Sum-All-Odd-Fibonacci-Numbers: "Given a positive integer num, return the sum of all odd Fibonacci numbers that are less than or equal to num.  The first two numbers in the Fibonacci sequence are 1 and 1. Every additional number in the sequence is the sum of the two previous numbers. The first six numbers of the Fibonacci sequence are 1, 1, 2, 3, 5 and 8.  For example, sumFibs(10) should return 10 because all odd Fibonacci numbers less than or equal to 10 are 1, 1, 3, and 5."

8. Sum-All-Primes: "Sum all the prime numbers up to and including the provided number.  A prime number is defined as a number greater than one and having only two divisors, one and itself. For example, 2 is a prime number because it's only divisible by one and two.  The provided number may not be a prime." Ex. sumPrimes(10) should return 17.

9. Smallest-Common-Multiple: "Find the smallest common multiple of the provided parameters that can be evenly divided by both, as well as by all sequential numbers in the range between these parameters.  The range will be an array of two numbers that will not necessarily be in numerical order.  For example, if given 1 and 3, find the smallest common multiple of both 1 and 3 that is also evenly divisible by all numbers between 1 and 3. The answer here would be 6." Ex. smallestCommons([1, 13]) should return 360360.  smallestCommons([23, 18]) should return 6056820.

10. Steamroller: "Flatten a nested array. You must account for varying levels of nesting." Ex. steamrollArray([[["a"]], [["b"]]]) should return ["a", "b"].  steamrollArray([1, {}, [3, [[4]]]]) should return [1, {}, 3, 4].

11. Binary-Agents: "Return an English translated sentence of the passed binary string.  The binary string will be space separated." Ex. binaryAgent("01000001 01110010 01100101 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01100010 01101111 01101110 01100110 01101001 01110010 01100101 01110011 00100000 01100110 01110101 01101110 00100001 00111111") should return "Aren't bonfires fun!?"

12. Everything-Be-True: "Check if the predicate (second argument) is truthy on all elements of a collection (first argument).  In other words, you are given an array collection of objects. The predicate pre will be an object property and you need to return true if its value is truthy. Otherwise, return false.  In JavaScript, truthy values are values that translate to true when evaluated in a Boolean context." Ex. truthCheck([{"user": "Tinky-Winky", "sex": "male"}, {"user": "Dipsy", "sex": "male"}, {"user": "Laa-Laa", "sex": "female"}, {"user": "Po", "sex": "female"}], "sex") should return true.----truthCheck([{"user": "Tinky-Winky", "sex": "male"}, {"user": "Dipsy"}, {"user": "Laa-Laa", "sex": "female"}, {"user": "Po", "sex": "female"}], "sex") should return false.----truthCheck([{"name": "Pete", "onBoat": true}, {"name": "Repeat", "onBoat": true}, {"name": "FastFoward", "onBoat": null}], "onBoat") should return false.  

13. Arguments-Optional: "Create a function that sums two arguments together. If only one argument is provided, then return a function that expects one argument and returns the sum.  For example, addTogether(2, 3) should return 5, and addTogether(2) should return a function.  Calling this returned function with a single argument will then return the sum:  var sumTwoAnd = addTogether(2);  sumTwoAnd(3) returns 5.  If either argument isn't a valid number, return undefined." Ex. addTogether(2, 3) should return 5.----addTogether(2)(3) should return 5.----addTogether(2, "3") should return undefined.----addTogether(2)([3]) should return undefined.
